this is a lady's two-toned HS reference
number six nine one seven three this is
also known as the quick-set model I'm
going to show you how to wind your watch
and set the time and date let's begin
currently this model is in its wearing
position notice the crown is screwed in
all the way this ensures the watch to be
watertight what we're going to want to
do first to wind the watch is to gently
unscrew the crown counterclockwise to
where it unthreat now in a clockwise
motion we're going to whine about 20 to
40 full turns the reason you'd want to
wind your watch is if the watch has not
been worn for a few days or you've just
received it this will be necessary in
order to fully charge the movement to
ensure the watch will not stop on you
and will run properly
now that we've wound the watch we want
to set the date we're going to gently
pull the stem out the crown and we're
going to set the correct date today is
the second and now we're going to take
the crown all the way out to its last
position we're going to set good time
and it is about six o'clock and so now
it is six o'clock and now we're going to
push in and screw up in a clockwise
motion so we can make sure that once
again
the watch is watertight and seal
properly now it is ready to wear and
enjoy thank you
you